And he's going to take you through a reasonably
on the universal capture capabilities so you've heard us speak about that quite a bit and
tony's the man that's been the leader of that effort and so it will be exciting to have
you have a chance to do that well he's getting set up how many people have signed up for the beta
program for universal capture what on lee all right,
well you're not no you're not getting out here till more people agree to sign up sze that uh
yes okay we'll have him answer that question yeah if you
how many people didn't know about the beta program okay how many people want to
be in the band program about art in the burger okay so we'll fix that today teo
have you decided it was that fool is just for my anus yes the first first
releases for magadan yeah and they'll be windows later so
but your your true if you're not a mac shop you can't use debating um
okay great what's what or what's windows is that nerd
well this is getting a serious presentation in many
ways
people enough to slice me kind of why i forgive you but no i just
made it okay consider that
all right good afternoon everybody in the interest of time being so late in the day and is
on the last session i will do my best to go
as quickly as well
just get jokes so i just want to start off by
saying how excited i am to share with you echo three sixty universal capture
on dh just for those of you who wanna wear it universal capture is on next
generation off classroom and personal capture
and actually before i get into it i am going to demo the mech divisional of universal
capture i will say that i'm using an internal development version ofthe
capture of so it's slightly different from the version we actually making available two customers like yourselves
if fell developers play a cruel joke on me they may push updates during this
presentation so with that in mind i have us
i have ass you know that's for us,
right?
Bill somebody would dance for assistant case to distract you all also if you didn't
knows uh tony had not uploaded slides until just now they're couples so if you looked and you thought there were
any they're actually a couple there.
Now if you want to follow up and already a couple of comments so before actually starting off
with and giving you some background on universal capture i do want to cover the state ofthe capture today
is that exists with,
uh echo echo three sixty so for those of you aware,
i would assure me you uh you know that we support both mac
pc classroom personal uh,
web based and even device based capture,
which is great on these are fairly robust systems,
but truth be told,
some of these legacy applications are a little bit long in the tooth.
And as tony allude itude two this morning,
they each have their own code base.
So you you probably are aware of the fact that hell
things function on a pc may not function the same on a mac
or the things that you can do on a pc.
You may not be able to do on on the web if you're doing an ad hoc capture.
So we we really wanted to address us,
and we had two options,
and thankfully,
with the support of bill and cris and toni and the rest of the executive team,
they gave us the opportunity to update our capture systems.
And so we sit out last year when we had we did some of that internal analysis
look through the logs took all of our previous experience,
looked at a ll the reviews and feedback that we got from customers and we came up with really to pas
that we could have taken first is we could continue to both on to those existing legacy
applications and do our best to provide you with all the features of functionality that you wanted
or two.
We could go in a completely new direction,
and it probably doesn't come as a surprise that we decided to go in a completely new direction and there's a
lot of good reasons for it,
and i want to share with you four of those goals that we came up with this part of this new direction,
so the first goal was easel views um,
i can tell you from my own experience of working in academia and based on my discussions with
instructors and administrators alike,
what they didn't want was a solution that requires an instructor in particular to have
to read the manual.
We'll get some sort of training on how to do a lecture capture,
okay,
so we wanted to make the solution is simple and easy as possible,
so that was gold number one goal number two is we wanted to make
sure this is super reliable.
Last year we did an update to our capture engine for a classroom capture solution,
and it used to be that if a device in and put the vice wass unplugs
accidentally or even on purpose or audio was missing or whatever the case may be
in the capture would fail.
So we made an update last year and we set that as our base line that effin input device
was removed for water for whatever reason we would continue to capture,
so that was our baseline third we wanted
to make sure that there was consistency so whether or not you're doing a captured through the browser
or capture on a mac or capture on a pc whatever form of capture that you're
doing we wanted to make a consistent throughout all of those different
avenues and wanted to make it again so so
if you were to do training for instructors in particular that's one time training and it doesn't matter
which option they use they can expect to see the exact same uh
workflow and experience and fourth we wanted to build a solution that was
smarter and what i really mean by this is again alluding to what tony mentioned to us this morning
rather than having a ll these different code bases and all these different approaches to coming up with a solution
we have a single code base that allows us to put out
functionality quicker more effectively which is great for you and great for
us as well ok,
so those who are full primary goals that we came up with this we started and backing on this new
universal capture road path let me just go the
you i really quickly so it's a cz some of you are probably aware right now without
legacy solutions we'll provide you with a little stamp size preview off the
imports that are going on so what we've endeavored to do now is actually blow up those previews
as biggest possible just make it easier on the engines.
All right?
We've removed all the optional features from the
actual u y so even though this looks for those you have for those of you who
haven't seen this before,
this look starkly different from other solution because there's now less options
okay less options on the main screen we're just tucked them away okay?
Because our optional we support one touch recording and
instructor can literally walk into the room if there was no scheduled capture,
push that button and away they go,
then they can leave the classroom afterwards.
That's simple one touch recording so again looking for ease and simplicity
to select and changing of the input devices we have two menus here you can have
display over there on the left the right size doesn't matter trying to provide you
with a little bit of flexibility in some options there same with the audio input
to select from the from the menu and if you have multiple options available,
pick one and away you go so try to make a simple is possible.
Um,
we have timers here and you can see that's set to zero because it's not actually recording right
now but that's just a visual to oran indicated to an instructor or an jesu that nothing is actually
happening right now you're not in you're not actually recording when a
recording is actually going on then the view changes just slightly so we locked
down the screen and now we just give you the textural feedback off the
input devices that have been captured and then rather than a record
now we just have a finish and a pause button really simple okay,
trying to make it as easy as possible for in jesus um you can see we have the
visual indicator over the amount of time that has actually possible then capture this is an hour
long recording and in this case it's eleven seconds into it.
Okay,
so just getting started right now we have two core controls the middle one hears
this pause everybody should probably familiar with that and then to the left of it
we haven't finish.
Okay,
finish um there's a lot of options that we actually
support with an echo and i listen,
the more that i know i'm not going to go into each one of them,
but i am going to show you and emma some of these to you uh,
we actually as part of the baker beta program right now we're really doing our best to get
feedback from injuries is like yourself and so we have some poles that are
currently available now feedback,
form and honor on the active lonely platform and where we want to be able to
support your use cases,
your needs what have you so i do have a pole for your and whether or not regardless of
whether you are an administrator or not,
i would like to get your feedback on this.
So the pole is specifically doesn't show so well here,
but there's a cross button that's disabled right now.
Okay,
so i want to get your feedback on that cross on these two questions here and i'll go explain and give you a little bit of
context here.
So we have gotten some feedback from administrators and instructors.
Sometimes administrators get frustrated with instructive where the setup a scheduled
capture an instructor.
For whatever reason,
you purposefully purposely all by mistake,
they have cancelled that capture.
So it's a missed opportunity right for students.
So this first option here is about whether or not you
want the option to enable,
provide the ability to enable or disable the canceling off a
scheduled capture off for instructors.
So as administrators do you want there?
Toggle option.
Just take a minute,
get your thoughts and feedback on that.
Okay,
let's,
take a look.
All right?
Yes.
So we we can enable administrators whether or not you want to enable instructed
us to cancel a capture,
so that's that's,
pol number one,
the second one is very much related to this so assuming you we give you that that,
um that ability there's been a lot of discussion off.
Well,
how long do we want to give instructors the ability to cancel a capture?
You know,
two minutes into a lecture but probably not going to be looking at the screen or the or the recording
so we can disable it after after that time maybe we need to give you a little bit more time a
little bit more flexibility so we'll give you five minutes before we
disabled the cancel option option for instructors
or option number c option c is we can always leave it
on.
So what that implies is and instruct that can come in and either cancel a
scheduled capture within the first minute or if it's an hour long capture
it can cancel a fifty nine minutes into that lecture
just keep in mind once it's cancelled it's gone there's no retrieving it.
Okay,
so three options there give you a minute see what you think
sorry don't allow him to
cancel so as the administrator your toggle would be we will be to keep it disabled
they cannot cancel it first we could just you could just look at this not giving you options
so this option is you have given the option for the instructed to cancel it how long do you
want to give him two minutes five minutes indefinitely
okay,
so roughly five minutes and you is an administrator.
You can enable the option for instructors to cancel a scheduled classroom
capture.
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
We can certainly do that.
Um,
before actually get into the roadmap.
Let me see if we can do a demo.
So have a camera here facing towards the
front.
I'm gonna switch over.
What you see here is firefox safari and the desktop application.
This is part of universal capture.
Want to show you how everything works in ports in unison.
So i have the flexibility i'm not recording right now.
You see my view you're meeting,
jumping up and down the flexibility.
Maybe i want to show display,
see how they all work in tandem.
That's,
universal capture.
Maybe i want to keep the two videos to video inputs.
So?
So come on,
hd camera here.
Camera facing that way i could do to to desktop imports if i want so a little bit of
flexibility,
right?
I'm gonna,
uh,
show me to do one more show.
You one more thing here on my phone actually have universal capture.
We'll see if this works.
Hopefully hasn't time doubt change the input goes back to
nothing think about the possibilities that are there
now i'm not so sure about instructors but i'm going to show you in a minute.
For administrators,
what this means in particular is that we can untether you from your office or your
desk,
and you could be anywhere in the world at any time and preview exactly what's
going on,
okay,
that's all part of confidence wanted on your smartphone on your tablet,
on the computer,
wherever all you need is a connection,
lifestream is an option with scheduled capture.
We are looking tio have a little bit more on this case,
so i have the option of controlling all this from here.
One might go and start a recording,
so five second countdown has instructed a little bit of time to prepare and get ready for capture
and were often running.
Now this one you've seen this mrs here because it's being roughly fifteen minutes and after
fifteen minutes,
we stopped polling the server,
so we're not constantly berating your service,
okay,
so probably in a few minutes just to do the same,
but i'm going to close down the browsers,
safari,
it's,
five bucks,
so here.
So i want to demonstrate a keyboard navigation,
so we want to be able to support accessibility.
Even though i've started a capture and have locked down most of the controls,
there are still a few options of elephants.
Available to me as an instructor or end user so i can tap through here and i
can extend the time,
so using my keyboard or even my mouse and click on this and this is actually a
smart timer.
So if there's another capture that scheduled after this this l a long session
let's just say there's a fifteen minute break this will only allow me to add five minutes,
ten minutes,
maybe fifteen months,
but won't allow me to add thirty minutes that it won't be an option so that's a smart ability to
add additional time to capture and then again using people navigation i can
i can't pause visual indicate a visual cue to the to the
ngos that,
hey,
this is paused,
but notice this still counting down?
Why is that?
Because i'm eating a part of my hour long time available to me
to actually capture right nothing's going on?
You can see this is paused,
but i'm still taking a part of my hour long.
So visual cues for the instructor of the andes heir they may or may not see thatjust,
but just want to make sure you're aware and then to resume again keyboard navigation
i'm back in business right when i'm
done,
if this is a schedule capture in particular,
or even an ad hoc capture,
for that matter um you have the option of where you want to publish this to so at the end of
the cellar i could walk out of the classroom and i will know with certainty there's going to either be published
to my library by default or a section if it
has been scheduled that way or if i've chosen to publish it to a section is part of that whole capturing
okay to finish,
i just want we just want to make sure hey,
you've got an hour available.
Are you sure you want to finish now?
There's fifty seven minutes and twenty six seconds remaining again?
Just that visual feedback that visual cue for your end users so that they understand and no
repercussions of exactly what's going on,
they can keep capturing well,
they could finish now.
Right now,
when i finish when i finished,
we're just going to provide you with a basic message,
but soon what we're going to provide you with is a length directly to that
capture so you can see and verified in your library or in their particular section
no,
uh could be oh,
i'm gonna get to that hold that thought bill by the foot
by the photo it is an hour ah,
but certainly you could go much longer
all right,
so that's universal capture and again,
this is the desktop education safari a ll the browsers are supported
universal look and feel the entire approach consistency across the board
would want to jump back and show you uh
how administrators can benefit from this so this should be familiar to most administrators
this is the rooms page now with universal capture we've added this new icon it's a camera
right now i think we're going to change it to a uh like a movie
more of a movie type field but bye all of those rules were universal capture is
enabled i could now click into that and see exactly what's going on so
uh this is my this is my device here.
This is i assume this is this is the room as an administrator i can go in
and i can see exactly what's going on i could see the room,
i can see the inputs all that sort of stuff i can see rob raising his
handle this sort of good stuff right now currently we don't have audio,
you can see the humidor and that's working perfectly fine,
but we don't have actual audio that you can listen in to.
That is certainly something that we're planning on adding in the future additionally,
for administrators that come in and look at this want to provide you with analytics,
right?
So a history off the captains that have that have occurred in this room over the
past week over the past month or what?
What have you providing you with all sorts of information about downtime
up time?
How many hours of capture on this this device,
perhaps even a schedule ofthe upcoming lectures,
or captures that air gun occur in this room on this device?
So one of empower you as an administrator's with as much information as possible,
and hopefully this will feed into the reports that a teresa's building
out as well so that's,
universal capture let's,
take a quick look at the road man.
So we're super excited about some of the things that we want to build on here,
but trying to be cognizant and mindful of the fact we have to maintain and
keep it as simple as possible and easy to use for instructors in
particular and all and use us.
So a lot of these things that were proposing here and that we're working on,
we're going on with that mindset,
keeping a simple as possible so i won't go into all of these in detail.
But for those of you who have signed up for the universal capture beta we
have in our and our feedback forum,
we have a similar version of this where we showing our major milestones,
major mom,
major and minor milestones we want toby is transparent as possible with you and let you
know as much information as possible as we're rolling out some of these new
features so right now we have make a wish and we're calling it shared mode but essentially this
just classroom capture were working on personal capture and windows
mode right now and al goal isto release both of these
in the summer time frame to give you an opportunity to kind of kick the tires of test assault for yourselves
before uh before university starts back up again
just touching on some of these things here so getting back to bill's question here about can i can you kept
it for more than one hour right now we have a limitation of four hours but we
are going to extend this by august up to eight plus hours of capture
so you could decision could go on an entire day kept everything that's going on the room and you
golden somebody would probably have to come back and edited after the fact but if that's the workflow in the
model that you want to support we want to be ableto provide their capability for you in order
to update is what cassidy covered earlier we've got some major changes going on there especially
excited about hls we want to be able to rip out flash from our system
there's some other other benefits that come with that as well that's that development is actually going on
right now so i anticipate we're going to see that earlier than we originally planned which
is fantastic and it's going to probably follow the same model that we had with secure
clown front and what i mean by that is we're going to enable this as an option for
you and if we find out or if you let us know that there's any problems with hls
we can immediately revert to the existing system okay?
So we're trying to lessen the pain there if you will be provided as much flexibility as well
confidence monitoring i test upon really briefly we've got big plans about adding more capabilities
there especially around analytics and empowering administrators and then some other features
there as well including narrow media playback and nair life playback feel free to
take me if you have any questions or are curious about what those are
uh they can see everything so any room that
universal capture is installed them they can go in and see exactly what's going on in that room
i should add i should add um so just to be
clear there's two versions there's going to be classic capture and there's going to be
personal capture classroom capture allows the administrators to go in a preview exactly what's
going on over there that's that confidence monitoring piece personal capture
in no way does that allow an administrator to see what's going on
on a user's computer no way it'll okay so i want to make sure that's
clear chris and claire to all users and instructed downloads in the stools
personal capture nobody can see what's going on this screen
yes or no conference wanted thing i get again that's something that we're building into kind of the
confidence monetary peace be like hester grams ability the ability to actually
listen into into a room so that you know whether the audio literal is high high
enough forfeits too low you can possibly change their remotely
yes with custom catcher does right now we're going to build a separate offline mode a cz
part ofthe personal capture so if you're on a train perhaps or a few away
from my wife like connection you still have to do a local capture and then it gets automatically
uploaded the next time you go online uh this is a good
one so just to respond to the comedy mate is that universal capture is a personal
captures so just be clear about this this one code it's one solution but it
does have to separate install modes one is kind of a shared install mode that you would
use in a shared environment like this and one is a personal mode that you have on your own device for all the
reasons tony to set imagine you were an instructor and you had this install on your
laptop and somehow you're sitting at home recording in your living room and you're adam and kind
of tunnel into your laptop and look at what's going on there.
That would always be a problem.
So but it's it's one.
This one code based on two separate installments.
Essentially,
and as administrative you have control of whether or not you want to provide
instructors with the ability to download personal capture very similar
toe the options over provide today.
So there'll be a tuggle tuggle.
And then,
when when and if you're ready to work with the instructors to say,
hey,
try out this new version of universal capture,
enable their trouble that they can go to the downloads page and then download on stolen on their personal
computers.
Um,
carey,
please.
Stolen
way
connected with correct
way device.
So it's,
so basically,
you're sitting for at this point,
you wouldn't have to do that with personal catcher.
Yeah,
but in this case,
and you're sitting up,
think of it as you're setting up a podium,
if you will.
Singing oppa's a share device before we get i should
mention for those of you who are not part of the data right now
way have a button that specifically
viewable by instructors it's an additional and secondary option for ad
hoc captures through the browser the
fuchsia button is beta written allover universal capture again we've tried
to simplify the process of doing an ad hoc capture right now for those of you who are familiar
with the process for instructors right now they have to select the room
they have to select the device that just like the time you put the title
i have to go through four or five different steps and doing and capture then it goes away and then struck this
kind of blind whether or not a anything's actually going on with universal capture right now you
select the room and away you go you see universal capture
in the browser.
Okay,
so not only were we trying to provide more information for administrators but for instructors as well.
So i just want to make sure i make that
well some confusion about the having multiple versions.
So maybe just clarify that again we've got one version one download to
different basically install modes correct that's correct.
So first vision is if you want a stolen for classroom capture
that's what we currently have right now for mac os the second vision will be
for personal capture so that's allowing your and uses or instructors to
download on the machine you have no insight into the into what's actually going on in the machine you have no
access rights or anything like that on dh that's very similar to the approach that we have
right now when you look at our legacy options there are two downloads
classroom capture personal capture on the pc personal capture only
on the mac so following the same model
tooling administrators always see two links classroom personal instructor's the
end users will only see personal right instructors i'm gonna
us i don't believe i'm going to set it up for you in a classroom environment
for structures you don't have the power to see what you want to
just mention how it's the react code base and how it's being developed so that we
intend to have this on cross platform quickly did you mention that already tony and she covered it a little bit
this warning soldier says a little bit of technical background so this is a war
based on internet technologies and again that that provided that makes
for a smarter solution allows us to grow in the future it's not going to become obsolete in the next six months
the next twelve months but it's a shared code base roughly eighty to ninety percent off the code base
between mac and pc is entirely shared the
only difference that ten percent difference comes in the actual capture engine itself and that's
where a lot of the work actually goes in but the
primary benefit for having a shared code base is whatever features we developed for mac
automatically gets developed pc and vice versa and it just makes for a quicker development
so people that's about the beta can use tell people how they want to use it to get access to it when i have to do procedure
uh yes so there's a couple of options available
one please feel free to contact linda or anybody on her team if you're interested in
looking at the beta,
we'll get you signed up we'll make it available for your tenant and then you'll start receiving
notifications on the evan dashboard on a bimonthly basis we provide updates
off any fixes,
any enhancements,
any changes that were made to universal catcher so you can work directly with wonder in a team you
can feel free to contact me directly i'm happy to share my my cards
are
all right outstanding we're gonna cut it just because we're on a timetable here but that was great and there were a
million questions so that was excellent,
thanks very much tony
so congratulations you made it barring a couple of announcements and
quick things we want to say before we get into that,
why don't we bring down lorraine because we want to make a quick but exciting and interesting
announcement to this group before we all adjourn
hi we quite intimidating so i sat at the back so i can't see all your
faces and i kind of feel like you need a golden envelope and i can say the winner
is one of those moments and just a very quick two
minutes with an announcement i'm here on behalf of my boss sand marie
scott who sadly can't be with you today she had sought the lecture recording
program in edinburgh she was here last year and i know she had a fantastic
time so i'm here basically to announce that the twenty
nineteen active learning conference will be drumroll
in edinburgh
way
very much like for it to welcome you to admit it's a very beautiful city
lots of sites interesting places to visit you know how the air
conditioning is being quite cold today practice for next year
so with that we'll look forward to seeing you in end brett thank you thank you
that's very exciting we wanted to give you as much advanced notice for some of you that local here in london a recordable to
travel over you can plan and find budget and all that for that with enough lead time to make it happen but really exciting
to get to go head body had been there a couple of times fabulous city looking forward to it okay
the other thing we promised you was lovely parting gifts for the most
active recipient most active participants when i put my
glasses hanging out you know it's gonna get a small hand written notes to this uh
so for the coveted hope i can read your handwriting for the
coveted uh,
amazon gift cards is this in any particular order or no no,
i have no particular that's a top three terry wilmer from not him.
All right.
Congratulations.
Uh,
next laura mcnally from sheffield where you're here
you're welcome and less but not least richard is a chandler chandler i can't read the
writing from queen mary great.
Okay,
just anecdotally having been following the comments throughout the day on each session i
feel like i wish we give everybody in war because there were tons and tons of comments,
questions,
interactions and that was great and hopefully,
you know,
i don't have any of you are involved with the technology but never really sit in a presentation using it
maybe that was interesting experience toe kind of see what it was like is an end user if you're not
you're not familiar with it,
i won't say that never crossed our mind that would be a good experience,
okay,
i think that was all the housekeeping i think that was it in terms of things i'm supposed to do so
in closing just to wrap it up you know i hope you feel like i do i think it was an
outstanding day you know personal opinion since i have the michael give you my personal opinions i
thought certainly all the presentations were excellent i like the timing it seemed like we had
lots of kind of a quick half hour forty minute kinds of sessions on a variety of topics that
was great there seem to be a nice balance of things that you want to know from echo and then
things we heard about from customers which is great certainly the customer stories of fantastic i mean the
stories that people told whether it was the speed or the scale of the the insight that they had
or the process that they followed and hopefully that's information that's valuable to all of you and you can
take that away and apply some of it to your own deployments which is really one of the main objectives for this whole thing
remember everybody had homework i don't have more gift cards but how many people uh how many people
met at least three people they hadn't met before every hand better go off then
okay let's keep going how many will skip how many five people that hadn't met before
i get better jump fashion about ten how many people met ten way go now
yeah so the magic number is somewhere between five and ten that's great well and hope you
exchange contact details and on you know you can kind of coordinate things moving forward and
keep the communication going.
We always get great feedback about how great it is to hear stories and talk to other people,
but it shouldn't only happen once a year so that that's on you guys to try to keep the communication
going and flowing so everybody that was involved in organizing this event
thank you very much again our friends at king's college for being incredible hosts again the
bar's high end but where's lauren bar's pretty high,
so yeah way we believe you,
but thanks to everybody from from kings who has been involved in organizing this toe,
linda and her team who put a lot of energy into it,
so great job by all of you and it's tim here we're temps always sneaks out
tim,
we're the tall,
skinny guy he's the guy that does all the organizing of the logistics and everything from the
name tags to the food to the whatever a ton of work that he puts into this and he usually
sneaks out at this time because he knows i'm going to do this.
He doesn't want to be the center attention,
but if you see him on the way out,
thank him and tell him he did a great job as well i just want to reiterate thank you for alliance
to host the conference this year for linda on tim but who's not here but he has been
a lot of trafficking stuff and make sure everything ran smoothly so thank you to you
guys great,
thanks.
It was really fun.
So just in closing on behalf of the company,
i will i offer my personal and our collective thanks to all of you for being our
customers or about to be our customers if those folks were still here.
Um,
you know,
we really do appreciate the confidence,
the trust that you placed in us,
we really do understand that this is a mission critical high visibility,
the central solution in most cases,
even if it isn't across the entire organization even being used in a couple of departments if something
goes wrong,
there's usually help to pay we understand that so we also understand that for youto be our custom and put
your trust in us that's a big responsibility we carry,
we take it very seriously.
I hope it feels like we take it seriously.
We really tried to doesn't mean we're perfect,
but we try to do our best on dh and what we're thrilled it's it's great to come to
these meetings every year meet new people to see old friends and meet new people is well,
i you have the pleasure of participating in these all over the world and i will tell you that the
stories that you guys talked about,
the things that you're doing and and the way that the amiga group approaches,
whether it's capture active learning or whatever you want to call it,
is really leading edge.
I mean,
you guys are doing things that are being done in a lot of other places and doing extremely well and
gets a tribute to all of you,
as well as the team that we have here to get that work done.
So again,
on behalf of the company,
thank you very much.
We really do appreciate you being our customer and taking the time to come to a meeting like this.
And we look forward to another wildly successful year between now and the time we see you all on dead march
next year.
Okay,
so,
thanks very much.
Appreciate it.